Oh, honestly, you shouldn’t have.
You’re going to need it.
Gabriel’s leaving to serve where
the need is greater made us feel like we
had missed the chance to expand our ministry.
Why don’t we start now?
We’re not getting any younger.
Yeah.
We could ask the circuit overseer for advice
on his next visit,
but I’m worried he’s going to say
we should . . .
. . . join the new language group.
It’s a big need in our circuit.
We’ve never felt like the right people
to serve in a foreign language.
Brother Lindstrom
shared Zechariah 8:23 with us,
which helped us see how we could have a hand
in helping “men out of all
the languages of the nations”
learn about Jehovah.
Learning was a struggle at first.
But with Jehovah’s help, we made progress
—slowly.
Yes!
You did it!
Even though the language was a challenge,
loving our new family was not.
Oh, um, uhh.
I don’t—I don’t understand.
Say again what you say.
Uhm, uh.
Come.
OK.
Oh, thank—thank you!
It’s true, we aren’t getting any younger.
And that’s why we’re so glad
we took the chance to expand our ministry.
If you had told me two years ago that I’d
be moving to where the need was greater,
I would have laughed.
It all started when they announced
a special preaching campaign.
My friend Samuel
encouraged me to apply with him.
So, what do you think?
Uh, yeah,
no, but you enjoy that.
I know you’re going to love it.
That’s why I got you a form as well,
all right?
We can do this!
OK.
I knew I could do more,
but I was comfortable.
I like doing things on my own terms.
But really, I was afraid of the unknown.
I needed to examine my heart.
When I read about Abraham’s faith
at Hebrews 11:8,
it’s like the words jumped off the page.
“He went out although
not knowing where he was going.”
Who better to be in control
of my life than Jehovah?
A door was opened to me.
I just needed to go through it.
And what I experienced changed my life.
Let’s do it, man.
The results of the campaign were incredible!
And the experience pushed me
out of my comfort zone.
All right, Gabriel is going to try some food.
Try, try, try!
Go on, go on, give it a try, Gabriel!
It’s good, yeah—really good!
I saw the ministry in a new way,
and I wanted to do more.
So I calculated the cost
and worked
with my local elders
to write to the branch office.
When I heard back with some suggestions,
I prayed about it
and did research before choosing.
There were many unknowns,
but I couldn’t wait!
It was hard to say goodbye to my friends,
but I was ready for whatever
Jehovah had in store for me.
At our convention, they had the meeting
for the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
My friend Anton asked if I was going to go.
Hi, Gabriel.
Oh, hi, Anton.
Are you coming?
Uh, to what?
The SKE meeting.
Oh, uh, no.
I wasn’t planning on it,
but all right, yeah, sure.
I’ll go.
OK, then, and afterward, I can . . .
I went, but I felt conflicted.
I thought,
‘I already have an assignment,
one that I love.’
But I didn’t fully understand
the incredible privilege of attending SKE.
I asked the circuit overseer
a few more questions.
And it felt like, this is it!
It seemed right,
and all I had to do was apply online.
But that was months ago.
So, what’s holding you back?
I feel like Jehovah led me here,
and I’ve never been happier.
But now another door has opened,
and the fear is back.
It doesn’t matter how far you’ve come.
Fear of the unknown can be overwhelming.
Sometimes you need a reminder that Jehovah
is leading you in the right direction.
Here’s one to keep in mind
—Philippians 4:13.
Read it, and just think
about how far Jehovah has taken you.
“For all things I have the strength
through the one who gives me power.”
Jehovah is in control.
What was I so afraid of?
I’m bringing too much.
Well, SKE is for two months.
Oh, you’re just alike you two,
bringing every last thing with you.
Can I—can I leave this with you?
It’s been on a few adventures,
but it’s still great for traveling.
Really?
Yeah, please.
Who knows, you might need it sometime soon.
Hi, darling, we’re back.
When I learned that I was invited
to work for a few weeks
on the upcoming construction project,
I was thrilled.
But that excitement
quickly turned into anxiety
because of what I had to do.
I prayed to Jehovah for weeks
to give me the strength
to have the conversation with my employer.
All right, Sarah, come in!
So?
I wanted to, first of all, say thank you
for taking the time to meet with me, . . .
I began to explain
about the construction project
and how I had been invited to volunteer.
. . . and I would
really like the time to . . .
So you want time off
during the busiest time of our year?
Well, yes, but . . .
It’s your choice, but under no circumstances
will I hold your position.
Suddenly, this beautiful privilege
felt like a huge risk.
Was I making my life
more complicated by doing this?
I read the account
about the people in Nehemiah’s day.
Their willing spirit demonstrated faith,
and Jerusalem’s walls were built by people
who “put their heart into the work.”
I didn’t want to miss out
on the opportunity
to serve Jehovah in that way.
This is my resignation letter.
I had to have faith that Jehovah
would bless my decision.
I’m not sure what the future holds
when I get back,
but I know Jehovah will take care of me.
For now, I’m going to focus
on putting my heart into the work.
When a disaster struck
in the north of the country,
we immediately answered the call for help.
Seeing our brothers and sisters
in need was heartbreaking.
But what really touched our heart
was the spirit
of the local brothers and sisters.
They were like the Macedonians.
They didn’t have much,
but they gave generously from the heart.
When we got home,
Madeline and I resolved
to show the same kind of spirit.
First, our appreciation led us
to review our contribution
to the worldwide work.
I’ve come up with this figure.
Is this right?
Yeah.
Let’s just thank Jehovah.
We looked for ways to be generous
to those around us.
We discovered that we had
the means to give more,
so we didn’t hold back.
And then,
our congregation was invited to help
with a special preaching campaign.
. . . reach as many
as possible with the good news.
Do you think we could do a bit more?
Could we push ourselves a bit further?
I’d really like to.
It was within our power to help,
and that’s exactly what we did!
I’m bringing too much?
No, of course not.